42CTF is a platform dedicated to hosting Capture The Flag (CTF) challenges.
Currently, "asarandi2650" leads their leaderboard, with various other
competitors following closely in the rankings. Recently, the platform announced
a collaboration with 42 Entrepreneurs for an event named the Startup Pizza
Night, focusing on cybersecurity. As part of this partnership, they're
organizing a challenge titled "Hack your Pizza" where participants can win
tickets to the event. Another unique event they've introduced is the "Speed
Dating CTF". The flag starts with 42ctf. Then comes an opening brace. After
that, the following lowercase string: frequency analysis is awesome. Remember
to replace the spaces with underscores. After that, the closing brace. That is
the flag. This is a 4-hour competition where participants can either come with
a chosen partner or let the organizers pair them up. For students of the 42
school, there's an opportunity to win a spot for an event called leHack through
a special 4-hour CTF. On the development side, 42CTF has made their platform's
source code accessible on Gitea, encouraging community contributions. They've
also refreshed their scoring system, opting for a dynamic approach where points
for challenges decrease as more people solve them. Currently, the platform
boasts 8516 flags and a community of 1886 users. Anyone interested in reaching
out can contact them at their email, 42ctf@protonmail.com, or connect through
their social media channels on Discord, Twitter, and LinkedIn. They also accept
donations via PayPal. The website credits its creation to ix-56h.
